README.md, before:

# Laptop Village

## [Project Live Link](https://assignment-11-9c7c9.web.app/)

[https://assignment-11-9c7c9.web.app/](https://assignment-11-9c7c9.web.app/)

---

## Project features and functionality

- Using Email Password login & registration system in this project.
- Also using Google login & registration system in this project.
- Protecting the My Items, Manage Inventory & Add Inventory page as though without login can't access this page.
- Forget password functionality implemented in this project.
- In Forget password page, I use toast to show success message.
- In Home page, there are 6 sections, those are: Banner, Products, About, Facts, Contact & Footer.
- In Products section, I am trying to show some information of product & have 2 buttons, such as: i. Update Stoke & ii. Delete.
- After clicking Delete button, you can delete a product.
- After clicking Update Stoke button, You will redirected in inventory page if you are log in otherwise you will redircet in login page.
- In inventory page, have some information & 2 buttons. Delivery & Update Product. In Delivery button, you can decrease a quantity & update product button have a modal that have a input form, you can add quantity that is increase this product quantity.
- Also have Add product page to add a product in this page.
- Also have My Items page, You can show specificly your products that you add in this page.
- Also have blogs page, You can show 4 questions & answers in this page.
- Using Local Storage to store & get accesstoken.

## List of Technologies (Frameworks, libraries)

- Using Bootstrap-5 & Vanila CSS for Responsive Design.
- Using AOS for simple animation.
- Using axios for API handle.
- Using Firebase for authentication & hosting.
- Using React-Firebase-Hooks for implement full authentication system.
- Using React-Router-DOM for routing.
- Using React-Toastify for showing simple Toast message in this website.

Commit message:

add short description in readme file
add short description in readme file

README.md, after:

# Laptop Village

## [Project Live Link](https://assignment-11-9c7c9.web.app/)

[https://assignment-11-9c7c9.web.app/](https://assignment-11-9c7c9.web.app/)

---
# Short Description
This website is mainly a laptop warehouse website. You can see some products in home page. You can manage the quantity of products. You can increase & decrease products quantity and also can delete products. You can add products and also can see products which you add in my items page. Full authentication system based on firebase & hosting this project in firebase. Using MongoDb database & Node JS use for backend for this project.
---

## Project features and functionality

- Using Email Password login & registration system in this project.
- Also using Google login & registration system in this project.
- Protecting the My Items, Manage Inventory & Add Inventory page as though without login can't access this page.
- Forget password functionality implemented in this project.
- In Forget password page, I use toast to show success message.
- In Home page, there are 6 sections, those are: Banner, Products, About, Facts, Contact & Footer.
- In Products section, I am trying to show some information of product & have 2 buttons, such as: i. Update Stoke & ii. Delete.
- After clicking Delete button, you can delete a product.
- After clicking Update Stoke button, You will redirected in inventory page if you are log in otherwise you will redircet in login page.
- In inventory page, have some information & 2 buttons. Delivery & Update Product. In Delivery button, you can decrease a quantity & update product button have a modal that have a input form, you can add quantity that is increase this product quantity.
- Also have Add product page to add a product in this page.
- Also have My Items page, You can show specificly your products that you add in this page.
- Also have blogs page, You can show 4 questions & answers in this page.
- Using Local Storage to store & get accesstoken.

## List of Technologies (Frameworks, libraries)

- Using Bootstrap-5 & Vanila CSS for Responsive Design.
- Using AOS for simple animation.
- Using axios for API handle.
- Using Firebase for authentication & hosting.
- Using React-Firebase-Hooks for implement full authentication system.
- Using React-Router-DOM for routing.
- Using React-Toastify for showing simple Toast message in this website.
